doc: MQTT Service information for Streaming Analytics (#3286)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/change-logs/analytics/apama-in-c8y-26-102-0-mqtt-service-support.md

---
date: 2025-05-07
title: MQTT Service support in EPL Apps
change_type:
  - value: change-2c7RdTdXo4
    label: Improvement
product_area: Analytics
component:
  - value: component-M5-cepIIS
    label: Streaming Analytics
build_artifact:
  - value: tc-KXXmo2SUR
    label: apama-in-c8y
ticket: PAB-4539
version: 26.102.0
---

EPL Apps now has support for connecting to {{< product-c8y-iot >}} MQTT Service. This allows handling of device-native messages sent to the MQTT Service within {{< product-c8y-iot >}} EPL Apps. For more details see [{{Using < product-c8y-iot >}} MQTT Service](/streaming-analytics/epl-apps/#using-cumulocity-mqtt-service).

> **Note:** The {{< product-c8y-iot >}} MQTT Service feature is currently in private preview. If you would like to have it enabled for your tenant or read more documentation about it, please contact {{< product-c8y-iot >}} Operations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{{< c8y-admon-info >}}
The {{< product-c8y-iot >}} MQTT Service feature is currently in private preview. If you would like to have it enabled for your tenant or read more documentation about it, please contact {{< product-c8y-iot >}} [product support](/additional-resources/contacting-support/).
{{< /c8y-admon-info >}}
```

---
date: 2025-05-07
title: MQTT Service support in EPL Apps
change_type:
  - value: change-2c7RdTdXo4
    label: Improvement
product_area: Analytics
component:
  - value: component-M5-cepIIS
    label: Streaming Analytics
build_artifact:
  - value: tc-KXXmo2SUR
    label: apama-in-c8y
ticket: PAB-4539
version: 26.102.0
---

> EPL Apps now has support for connecting to {{< product-c8y-iot >}} MQTT Service. This allows handling of device-native messages sent to the MQTT Service within {{< product-c8y-iot >}} EPL Apps. For more details see [{{Using < product-c8y-iot >}} MQTT Service](/streaming-analytics/epl-apps/#using-cumulocity-mqtt-service).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
EPL Apps now has support for connecting to {{< product-c8y-iot >}} MQTT Service. This allows handling of device-native messages sent to the MQTT Service within {{< product-c8y-iot >}} EPL Apps. For more details see [Using {{< product-c8y-iot >}} MQTT Service](/streaming-analytics/epl-apps/#using-cumulocity-mqtt-service).
```
